Added documentation for Teleste HDO203. (#208)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs-connectors: connector/doc/Teleste_HDP301_TSEMP.md

### System Info

| Range   | DCF Integration | Cassandra Compliant | Linked Components | Exported Components |
|---------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------|---------------------|
| 1.0.0.x | No              | Yes                 | -                 | -                   |
| 2.0.0.x | No              | Yes                 | -                 | -                   |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Serial Connection – Main

This connector uses a serial connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SERIAL CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the HDP301 device.
- **IP port**: The IP port of the HDP301 device.

### How to Use

The connector uses serial commands to request and push information to and from the node. This communication can be seen in the Stream Viewer.

The element using the HDP301 connector has several data pages:

- On the **General** page, you can find all the details related to general information about the device, and you can set the device name.

- The **Monitoring** page contains two tables for analog and discrete alarm limits. You can configure those two tables.

> - The **Measurements** page contains HDP301 powering measurements, it also keeps track of peeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Measurements** page contains HDP301 power measurements. It also keeps track of peaks.
```
